---
layout: post
title:  "Journal for 14-08-14"
categories: Journals
tags: journals-w-foward
image: /assets/article_images/2014-08-29-welcome-to-jekyll/desktop.jpg
---



Today we went to the library for a little, and I got some apps to play with.

I really like Evernote because of it's awesome collection of chrome extension, apps, and because it can contain anything without using a standard filesystem.

I don't like Evernote due to it's inability to play nice with other services and such.

I downloaded the IFTT app to use on the iPhone. The potential of this app seems huge. I finally have some interesting physical channels, that I can use everyday.

I'm thinking of whether to just wait, and use simplenote on the cloud only, or actually move to a different service. It's a hard choice ether way.

I biked some today, but it was really cold, so I didn't bike for long.

Today I started packing my room, and I should have it finished by tomorrow.

I really want a pair of fake or real leather gloves for winter. That way I can keep warm, while still having use of my fingers.

I finally decided on wether to get an iPhone or an android phone. I choose an iPhone as my next phone. That is because it has better design, and will have extensions in the near future.

I really wish to have a job at Starbucks because it is really close to where we live, and cause of coffee.

I love coffee and what not.

The iPhone I'll be getting is the iPhone 5s. The cool thing about the iPhone 5s is that it has a fingerprint scanner. Right now this finger scanner can only be used in limited ways, but in the near future - iOS 8 - every app will be able to access it. Imagine the possibilities of locks for different individual apps using a finger print