# The Argument for Genetically Modified Organisms

## Main Argument
The main argument against GMOs is not Genetic Engineering itself, instead, the main argument against GMOs are the unethicall misuse of GMOs. We declame the use Genetic Modification in helping increase the amount of pesticide, when we should be declaming these unethical uses of genetic engineering.

GMOs are not a clear and present danger to human kind, Instead, they are a tool, a tool that can be used for great good, or great evil. We choose what we do with our tools. It is our choice on what we do with the power and possibilities of GMOs. Like Nuclear power, GMOs signify change, change that can be deadly, that can be used to control people. But at the same time, like Nuclear power, it signifies unparalled possibilities.

We must choose to use this power to the good, to help the needy, the poor, and everyone else in between. Otherwise, we will not find the future a fun place to live in.

Nuclear power can be used as a method to control people, by creating a weapon of it, yet at the same time, it can be used as a tool to liberate ourselves by removing the tyranny of energy limitation.

GMOs are similar in some ways. GMOs can be used as a way to adapt to Global Warming and limited resources in a increasingly overcrowded planet. With the powers of GMOs, we can create organism that can withstand extreme heat, cold, and other extreme conditions. We can create organisms that create a larger yeald, that can consume larger amounts of carbon dioxide, that can even create enough natural light or energy to own day make the uses of fossil fuel un-needed and/or absolute. 

With enough time, we could create Genetically Modified humans. Humans free from disease, have strengths that we cannot imagine, and be as like us as the gods of Olympus are.  

The possibilties are already showing themselves. And so are the dangers. We can already successfully modify many organisms. The potential is right in front of us. One example of the potential life changing 
We can already create rice that adds much needed Vitamin A[^vitA], this rice is called Golden Rice. 

And yet, at the same time, it can be used as a way to control people, to limit our resources, and to take advantige of people.   

GMOs can change the face of our ecosystem through Genetic manipulation. 

Genetically Modified Organisms are everywhere, they are just not modified in the lab. Instead, they are modified by life. Selective Breeding has been one major way humans have been altering the genomes of Organisms. Selective breeding is where an individual will create individual traits using birth. A major example of Selective breeding is dogs. Evolution is another way that organisms use to change their genetic makeup, but in this case, to help themselves survive.

The most important question about genetically modified organisms is if they should be copyrighted.   There  are valid viewpoints from both sides. The side advocating copyright laws for genetically engineered DNA is that these companies spend thousands in research to be the exclusive creators of these genetically engineered organisms, but would stop research if there was no incentive to keep them from creating these organisms. The side advocating no copyright are people worried that one day all crops and animals will be bound to one corporation or another. Your viewpoint just matters on who you are... are you the corporation? Or the farmer? I would argue that copyright on genetic modification is a bad deal for farmers and consumers

## Counter Argument

People seem to think that genetic manipulation done in the lab is somehow different in-comparison to the genetic modifications that are done by evolution or humans (through selective breeding). That the dangers are greater.

The truth is the opposite. Genetic manipulation in the lab is more controlled than selective breeding due to the dangers of abnormal side-effects being much less.

People also seem to think that GMOs are just there so that giant and unethical corporations like Monsanto can  use them to help their bottom line. The truth is that GMOs are a tool that can be used for both good and evil.

## Overview

In the end of the day the truth is that GMOs can be used for great good, and great bad. Genetic Engineering has the potential to feed a hungry planet. But the GMOs can also be used as a way to control people by copyrighting all of life.

[^vitA]: NPR gives a quite consise description of golden rice with both views used http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/03/07/173611461/in-a-grain-of-golden-rice-a-world-of-controversy-over-gmo-foods
