---
layout: post
title:  "Journal for 02-05-15"
categories: Journals
tags: journals-w-foward
image: /assets/article_images/2014-08-29-welcome-to-jekyll/desktop.jpg
---



Today I biked aproximately 24 miles going to a friends house, back, home, then Starbucks.

It was a pretty fun day :)

I got a new bike yesterday, so wanted to put some hours into it.

The new bike I got was an old Schwinn touring bike. It's made of steel, so is a little slow, but also very smooth due to the shock absorbtion of steel.

It's a surprisingly nice bike, I quite enjoy riding it.

I went on a practice bike ride to my friend's house; my wheel deflated on the way to his house, so his mom took me to see a bike  shop. My friend then helped with fixing the bike's wheel, he also helped with some bike adjustments.

Me and my friend then went fishing, which was fun. I caught my first fish, which was espacially cool. The fishing was pretty good that day, so that was fun.

My shorts also broke on the butt, so that wasn't fun. But I had a sweatshirt to put around my waist so that I could bike home.

Right now I'm at Starbucks righting this journal to loosen up my hands; my hands could do with some loosening from all that biking. I'm also thinking of getting some hot coffee, that may help loosen me up.

I wish I was more productive while at a coffee shop. Unfortunately, I'm not always that productive. This is probably because I have ADD, and that makes it hard for me to be productive; it could also be that I'm simply very lazy.

I really like Starbucks because it has a nice atmosphere, and it has free refills :) Free refill means that I can stay there all day and work. It also means that I can buy a small coffee for $2, and actually have around 5 small coffee. Having coffee whenever I need it helps keep me alert to work, and fixes any shortcomings that that Starbucks has.
